test_runner: detect only tests when isolation is off (#54832)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

## `only` tests

> If Node.js is started with the [`--test-only`][] command-line option or test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Node.js is started with the [`--test-only`][] command-line option, or test
```

isolation is disabled, it is possible to skip all tests except for a selected

> subset by passing the `only` option to the tests that should run. When a test
> with the `only` option is set, all subtests are also run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subset by passing the `only` option to the tests that should run.

```

It explains this right below

Author: Right below it talks about suites, not tests.

> with the `only` option is set, all subtests are also run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
has the `only` option set, all subtests are also run.
```
